## Game Information 

* People who worked on this project: Himanshu Jain 
* I developed the whole game from scratch and that included making the graphics, putting the graphics on the screen, coding the interaction between the graphics.
* I had to develop an easy to implement breakout game that the user can play and get a score. The game had to be easy to navigate through and had different powerups and different powerups. It also had a number of cheat codes that could be used while testing the code. The game also had features for the paddle and the ball that can be manipulated by the powerups and the cheat keys. I think it is very easy to add new features related to the paddle and the ball in the game. It might also be easy to add features to the brickwall as all of these are independent and hence, the features can easily be added. I also think that it is really easy to change the text files to add more bricks in the game.
* There a number of classes in my project like the Brick class, the main class, the ball class, the paddle class and classes for all the different bricks. I have also made classes for the SplashScreen and the end screen. All of these classes are implemented in the main class and information is passed on from class to the other by using getter/setter methods. The ball class helps in making the ball object, the paddle makes the paddle object, the brick class is the parent class for all the types of bricks that I have, the splashscreen is for the splashscreen while the end class is for the screen that is displayed at the end. All of these are made private variables in the main class and used in different classes like the setupgame method and the start method. 
* I have assumed that the window's size can't be changed from the set side as that would result in a problem. I have mostly hardcoded the values for placing the objects and this would give and error if the screen size is changed. using changeScene method also helped in simplying the code as using a different class for changing the scenes would have made it more complex and harder to understand. I have also made many features like the speed of the ball private variables so that some features like changing the ball's speed are easier to implement.
* 